docs(plugins): updates the description for app-reg (#7120)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/_index.md

  --data "config.auto_approve=true"
```

> ### Enable proxy with consumer's credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Allow accessing the service with consumer credentials (Optional)
```

Let's point out that this is optional for users.

> Activating application registration will restrict access to the service using consumer credentials. To regain this functionality, you can enable `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential`. It will introduce
> an additional method for accessing the service using the consumer's credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling the `application-registration` plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials will be disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, you can set `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` to `true`.

{:.important}
> **Important:** Please always use `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` with caution, as this allows accessing the scoped service via consumer credentials other than your application's client ID (API key).
```

  --data "config.auto_approve=true"
```

### Enable proxy with consumer's credential

> 

Reviewer 2: Activating application registration will restrict access to the service using consumer credentials. To regain this functionality, you can enable the `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` flag.

an additional method for accessing the service using the consumer's credential.

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/plugins \
    --data "name=application-registration"  \
    --data "config.display_name=<my_service_display_name>" \
    --data "config.enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential=true"
```

Or, update your current configuration with a `PATCH` request.
Replace `<plugin_id>` with the `id` of your plugin.

```
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8001/plugins/<plugin_id> \
  --data "config.enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential=true"
```

And then, create a plugin `key-auth` and route for the service.

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/routes \
    --data "path=/test"
```

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/plugins \
    --data "name=key-auth" \
    --data "config.key_names=apikey"
```

Create a consumer and a consumer's credential for the `key-auth`.

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers \
    --data "username=test"
```

```
curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers/<consumer_id>/key-auth \
    --data "key:<apikey>"
```

Request the route for the service, then the request will be return 200

> else return 401 if disabling `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential`.

Reviewer 2: When `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` is enabled, constructing a request to the service should yield a 200 response, rather than the 401 response when disabled.

```
curl http://localhost:8000/test?apikey=<apikey>
```

> Also, the route can accessible with the `client_id` of the Application.

Reviewer 2: The route should still be accessible with the `client_id` of the application.

  --data "config.auto_approve=true"
```

> ### Allow accessing the service with consumer credentials (Optional)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Allow accessing the service with consumer credentials (optional)
```

> ### Allow accessing the service with consumer credentials (optional)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}
### Allow accessing the service with consumer credentials (optional)
```

> By enabling the `application-registration` plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials will be disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, you can set `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` to `true`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By enabling the Application Registration plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials is disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, you can set `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` to `true`.
```

{:.important}

> > **Important:** Please always use `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` with caution, as this allows accessing the scoped service via consumer credentials other than your application's client ID (API key).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Always use `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` with caution, as this allows accessing the scoped service via consumer credentials other than your application's client ID (API key).
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/plugins \
    --data "name=application-registration"  \
    --data "config.display_name=<my_service_display_name>" \
    --data "config.enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential=true"
```

Or, update your current configuration with a `PATCH` request.

> Replace `<plugin_id>` with the `id` from the existing application-registration instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Replace `<plugin_id>` with the `id` from the existing `application-registration` instance:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X PATCH http://localhost:8001/plugins/<plugin_id> \
  --data "config.enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential=true"
```

> And then, create a plugin `key-auth` and route for the service.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Then, enable the Key Auth plugin and a route for the service:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/routes \
    --data "path=/test"
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/services/<service>/plugins \
    --data "name=key-auth" \
    --data "config.key_names=apikey"
```

> Create a consumer and a consumer's credential for the `key-auth`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Create a consumer and a credential for the consumer. You'll need this to use key authentication:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers \
    --data "username=test"
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl -X POST http://localhost:8001/consumers/<consumer_id>/key-auth \
    --data "key:<apikey>"
```

> When `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` is enabled, constructing a request to the service should yield a 200 response, rather than the 401 response when disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` is enabled, constructing a request to the service should yield a 200 response, rather than the 401 response when disabled:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl http://localhost:8000/test?apikey=<apikey>
```

> The route should still be accessible with the `client_id` of the Application.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The route should still be accessible with the `client_id` of the application:
```

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```sh
```

curl http://localhost:8000/test?apikey=<client_id>
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{% endif_version %}
```
